feat: New Component Float Button (#37520)
ant-design/ant-design: components/float-button/demo/customize-shape.md

---
order: 2
iframe: 360
title:

>   zh-CN: 设置不同的形状
>   en-US: Custom shape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  zh-CN: 形状
  en-US: shape
```

---

## zh-CN

> 你可以通过 shape 设置不同的形状

Reviewer: ```suggestion
你可以通过 `shape` 设置不同的形状
```

## en-US

> You can customize the shape of the FloatButton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the shape of the FloatButton with `shape`.
```

```tsx
import React, { useState } from 'react';
import { FloatButton, Radio } from 'antd';
import type { RadioChangeEvent } from 'antd';
import type { FloatButtonShape } from 'antd/es/float-button/interface';

const App: React.FC = () => {
  const [shape, setShape] = useState<FloatButtonShape>('circle');
  const onChange = (e: RadioChangeEvent) => {
    setShape(e.target.value);
  };
  return (
    <>

>       <p>点击切换形状</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

      <Radio.Group onChange={onChange} value={shape}>
        <Radio value="circle">圆形</Radio>
        <Radio value="square">方形</Radio>

>       </Radio.Group>

Reviewer: 给点边距
